# Superhero GifMaker

##What it is

A simple gif generator that gives you back 10 gifs from Gify API when you click a button. The whole thing is themed with superheros for the gifs, but otherwise kept clean and less colorful so as not to take away from the gifs once they are generated.

##About the gifs

Each gif gets loaded paused and then, when clicked, begins to animate. Another click will pause the gif again. The rating of the gif is displayed underneath it. In addition to the original 10, 10 additional gifs can be generated by clicking another button. The user can continue to add 10 more gifs as many times as they'd like by clicking this button. When another hero is clicked, 10 gifs for that hero are generated and the cycle can repeat. 

##Like it? Favorite it! Want it? Add it!

Gifs can be favorited and will stay in the user's session storage. They appear at the bottom of the screen below any gifs that are currently generated. If someone's favorite hero isn't on the list, they can add it and a button will generate allowing the user to generate gifs for that hero. This is stored in the user's local storage so they don't have to keep adding it every time. 

##Future

I tried to integrate this with another API to validate that what a user typed into the input field is a hero and not something else (e.g. an animal, their name, a random celebrity), but currently there are no APIs along this theme that will allow me to access this information with giving me a CORS error. This is something that I would like to integrate moving forward once I have the knowledge and skill to do so, however.

##Thanks!

Thanks goes to some of my coworkers who gave me their favorite hero to use as my starters. A lot of my code started from notes I took in class when we were going over this activity, so thanks to Quinton for that, but for a large part it's moved past my notes. A lot of the section on storing things in session storage is horendiously messy, and that's also something I want to fix later once I have a better grasp of the concept. 